we are here in the middle of what used
to be Whitney Field Leominster mass if
the name sounds familiar to you right
there behind the trees is the mall at
Whitney Field named after this
recreational facility that once stood
here it was here from the late 30s to
the early 60s vandals destroyed the
place and they just shut it down from
that point and look what I found a
rundown abandoned man-powered elevator
as you can see it's missing some fixed
decremented planes especially there and
I got some sidewalk here I'm I'm
thinking this might be an Otis and
obviously it's in such bad shape it
doesn't really work so we're gonna scale
the shaft we're gonna go up the fixed
incremented planes or in this case cuz
it's so steep we'll just go around some
of them
so you can see they had they had a
service area right here you could see
where the you could see where the
original guide rail was this was built
right into the side of the hill and it
goes to and it goes all the way to 6th
Street up there here's another here's
another service corridor
there's another hint of a guide rail
that used to be I would betting I would
be betting pardon me that this used to
be a top drive traction here's a fixture
commander plane that's actually pointing
downwards as we head towards it and as
we make the turn these fixed incremental
planes get crooked over the decay
they've actually leaned towards the hill
here's a big section of guide rail and
at the very end of the service corridor
now you get to see as I said it's fairly
straight and it gets crooked right there
this is almost straight it's leaning
ever so slightly to your right then it
gets worse then it leans quite a bit to
the left
that's the end of the service corridor
right there I am holding the camera
straight and it gets really really weird
feeling because not only are they
leaning that way they're also pitched
that way here's a full piece of guide
rail as well as over here and here we
are at sixth Street and that's the
abandoned what appears to be an Otis
man-powered elevator hope you enjoyed it